README.md, before:

# DunzoCoffee
Coffee Maker assignment for Dunzo

## Requirements
Write the working code to create a working coffee machine. Here are the desired features
1. It will be serving some beverages.
2. Each beverage will be made using some ingredients.
3. Assume time to prepare a beverage is the same for all cases.
4. The quantity of ingredients used for each beverage can vary. Also, the same ingredient (ex:
   water) can be used for multiple beverages.
5. There would be N ( N is an integer ) outlet from which beverages can be served.
   For N = 2 [ 2 outlets in a machine ]
   For N = 3 [ 3 outlets in a machine ]

6. Maximum N beverages can be served in parallel.
7. Any beverage can be served only if all the ingredients are available in terms of quantity.
8. There would be an indicator that would show which all ingredients are running low. We need
   some methods to refill them.
9. Please provide functional integration test cases for maximum coverage.

## Example:
Consider Chai Point machine which serves these drinks:
1. ginger tea
2. elaichi tea
3. coffee
4. hot milk
5. hot water

the machine has N outlets for serving these drinks

Here is the composition for each drink:

1. ginger tea:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- tea leaves syrup 10 ml
- ginger syrup 5 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
2. elaichi tea:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- tea leaves syrup 10 ml
- elaichi syrup 5 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
3. coffee:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- coffee syrup 10 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
4. hot milk:
- milk 50 ml
5. hot water
- water 50 ml

Note: Since there are N outlets, N people can take beverages at the same time.

##Input Test Json
```
https://www.npoint.io/docs/77e0bf528e4af43cdc10
```

## Expected Output
This input can have multiple outputs.

Output 1
```
hot_tea is prepared
hot_coffee is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
black_tea cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

Or

Output 2
```
hot_tea is prepared
black_tea is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
hot_coffee cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

Or

Output 3
```
hot_coffee is prepared
black_tea is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
hot_tea cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

## Scoring Criteria / Expectation
- To simplify the problem – we will exclude the following issues from the scope:
- The solution does not have to scale out. We only need to design a solution to run on a single
machine.
- This machine can be assumed to have access to large high performance and reliable file
systems to store the objects in.
- This machine can be assumed to have multiple CPUs
- The solution does not have to solve storage reliability issues (assume that the underlying file
system is reliable).
- Please don’t expose any API, we need a functional test case.

Commit message:

add commands for application run and test

README.md, after:

# DunzoCoffee
Coffee Maker assignment for Dunzo

## Run application
```shell
./gradlew run
```

## Run tests
```shell
./gradlew test
```
Result for the test is generated and stored in `./build/reports/index.html`

## Requirements
Write the working code to create a working coffee machine. Here are the desired features
1. It will be serving some beverages.
2. Each beverage will be made using some ingredients.
3. Assume time to prepare a beverage is the same for all cases.
4. The quantity of ingredients used for each beverage can vary. Also, the same ingredient (ex:
   water) can be used for multiple beverages.
5. There would be N ( N is an integer ) outlet from which beverages can be served.
   For N = 2 [ 2 outlets in a machine ]
   For N = 3 [ 3 outlets in a machine ]

6. Maximum N beverages can be served in parallel.
7. Any beverage can be served only if all the ingredients are available in terms of quantity.
8. There would be an indicator that would show which all ingredients are running low. We need
   some methods to refill them.
9. Please provide functional integration test cases for maximum coverage.

## Example:
Consider Chai Point machine which serves these drinks:
1. ginger tea
2. elaichi tea
3. coffee
4. hot milk
5. hot water

the machine has N outlets for serving these drinks

Here is the composition for each drink:

1. ginger tea:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- tea leaves syrup 10 ml
- ginger syrup 5 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
2. elaichi tea:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- tea leaves syrup 10 ml
- elaichi syrup 5 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
3. coffee:
- hot water 50 ml
- hot milk 10 ml
- coffee syrup 10 ml
- sugar syrup 10 ml
4. hot milk:
- milk 50 ml
5. hot water
- water 50 ml

Note: Since there are N outlets, N people can take beverages at the same time.

##Input Test Json
```
https://www.npoint.io/docs/77e0bf528e4af43cdc10
```

## Expected Output
This input can have multiple outputs.

Output 1
```
hot_tea is prepared
hot_coffee is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
black_tea cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

Or

Output 2
```
hot_tea is prepared
black_tea is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
hot_coffee cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

Or

Output 3
```
hot_coffee is prepared
black_tea is prepared
green_tea cannot be prepared because green_mixture is not available
hot_tea cannot be prepared because item hot_water is not sufficient
```

## Scoring Criteria / Expectation
- To simplify the problem – we will exclude the following issues from the scope:
- The solution does not have to scale out. We only need to design a solution to run on a single
machine.
- This machine can be assumed to have access to large high performance and reliable file
systems to store the objects in.
- This machine can be assumed to have multiple CPUs
- The solution does not have to solve storage reliability issues (assume that the underlying file
system is reliable).
- Please don’t expose any API, we need a functional test case.
